# createNewEvent testing
URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
EXPECTS	invalid eventName

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
eventName	Event name
EXPECTS	invalid name

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
eventName	Event name
name	Liz Hu
EXPECTS	invalid fromEmail

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
eventName	Event name
name	Liz Hu
fromEmail	asdf
EXPECTS	invalid fromEmail

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
eventName	Event name
name	Liz Hu
fromEmail	developer_support@wycliffe-services.net
simulate	1
EXPECTS	Array ( [Sender] => no-reply@wycliffe-services.net [From] => no-reply@wycliffe-services.net [To] => developer_support@wycliffe-services.net [Subject] => Events account creation request ) We received an events account creation request.<br> <br> <b>Client name:</b> Liz Hu<br> <b>Client email:</b> developer_support@wycliffe-services.net<br> <b>Event name:</b> Event name<br> <br> 1. Run /home/sysadmin/add_events_account.sh En Liz Hu developer_support@wycliffe-services.net 'Event name'<br> 2. Send <a href="mailto:events@wycliffe-services.net?subject=Created Wycliffe Web Services events account&body=Client name: Liz Hu%0D%0AClient email: developer_support@wycliffe-services.net%0D%0AEvent name: Event name%0D%0AUser name: En%0D%0APassword: ">configuration email</a> to userArray ( [Sender] => no-reply@wycliffe-services.net [From] => no-reply@wycliffe-services.net [To] => developer_support@wycliffe-services.net [Subject] => Received events account creation request ) Dear Liz Hu,<br> <br> Your request to create an events account for <b>Event name</b> has been received and will be processed shortly.

# createNewAccount testing
URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
userName	userName
EXPECTS	invalid eventName

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
userName	userName
eventName	Event name
EXPECTS	invalid clientName

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
userName	userName
eventName	Event name
clientName	Liz Hu
EXPECTS	invalid clientEmail

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
userName	userName
eventName	Event name
clientName	Liz Hu
clientEmail	asdf
EXPECTS	invalid clientEmail

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
userName	userName
eventName	Event name
clientName	Liz Hu
clientEmail	client@email.com
EXPECTS	password is missing

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
userName	userName
eventName	Event name
clientName	Liz Hu
clientEmail	client@email.com
password	password
simulate	1
EXPECTS	Array ( [Sender] => events@wycliffe-services.net [From] => events@wycliffe-services.net [To] => client@email.com [Subject] => Logistics menu for Event name ) Dear Liz Hu,<br> <br> Your Wycliffe Web Services events account for the <b>Event name</b> has been created. You can now:<br> <br> 1. <a href="http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php?eventName=Event name&userName=userName&password=password&report=download">Download</a> the latest participant list. You can click this link at any time to get a real-time report of who has confirmed their attendance for your event. Alternatively, you can have the report <a href="mailto:events@wycliffe-services.net?subject=Get the latest participant list for Event name&body=Just click send to get the latest participant list.%0D%0A%0D%0AEvent name: Event name%0D%0AUser name: userName%0D%0APassword: password%0D%0Areport: email">emailed</a> to you.<br> 2. Update the participant tracking list, and then <a href="http://wycliffe-services.net/events/management.php?eventName=Event name&userName=userName&password=password&name=Liz Hu&fromEmail=client@email.com">upload it to the server</a> or <a href="mailto:events@wycliffe-services.net?subject=Update participant list for Event name&body=Attach mailing_list.csv to this email and click send. Warning: Your existing participant list database on the server will be overwritten with the contents of mailing_list.csv, so make sure that it is based on the latest server version.%0D%0A%0D%0AYour name: Liz Hu%0D%0AEvent name: Event name%0D%0AUser name: userName%0D%0APassword: password%0D%0Areport: upload%0D%0A">email</a> it.<br> 3. <a href="mailto:events@wycliffe-services.net?subject=Get the invitation email template&body=Just click send to get the invitation email template.%0D%0A%0D%0AYour name: Liz Hu%0D%0AEvent name: Event name%0D%0AUser name: userName%0D%0APassword: password%0D%0Areport: invitation">Send</a> out the invitation email.<br> 4. <a href="mailto:events@wycliffe-services.net?subject=Get the logistics email template&body=Just click send to get the logistics email template.%0D%0A%0D%0AYour name: Liz Hu%0D%0AEvent name: Event name%0D%0AUser name: userName%0D%0APassword: password%0D%0Areport: logistics">Send</a> out the logistics email.Array ( [Sender] => no-reply@wycliffe-services.net [From] => no-reply@wycliffe-services.net [To] => developer_support@wycliffe-services.net [Subject] => Logistics menu email sent for Event name ) Email sent to user successfully

# processReport testing
URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	blah
EXPECTS	invalid report

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	download
EXPECTS	eventName is missing

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	download
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
EXPECTS	password is missing

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	download
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	WrongPassword
EXPECTS	Invalid username/password

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	upload
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
file	_file3
EXPECTS	ok
RESULT	$wait_till_finished

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	download
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
simulate	1
EXPECTS	"$id,$tags,$honorific,$firstName,$lastName,$email,$phone,$organization,$title,$isComing,$room,$needVisa,$passportName,$passportCountry,$passportNumber,$passportExpiryDate,$arrivalDate,$arrivalTime,$arrivalFlightNumber,$departureDate,$departureTime,$departureFlightNumber,$notes
123,"manager,t""em""p",,"""First in quotes""",Last,developer_support@wycliffe-services.net,,,,2,,0,,,,2013-09-02,,,,2013-09-04,14:25,,"

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	email
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
EXPECTS	invalid fromEmail

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	email
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
fromEmail	asdf
EXPECTS	invalid fromEmail

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	email
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
fromEmail	developer_support@wycliffe-services.net
simulate	1
EXPECTS	Array ( [Sender] => events@wycliffe-services.net [From] => events@wycliffe-services.net [To] => developer_support@wycliffe-services.net [Subject] => Re: Get the latest participant list for Test Event ) Attached is the latest participant list for the <b>Test Event</b>. Reply to this email with an updated <b>mailing_list.csv</b> to overwrite the server copy.<br> <br> Event name: Test Event<br> User name: TestEvent<br> Password: V9BpiJYe<br> report: upload<br> Number of attachments: 1

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	upload
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
EXPECTS	missing file

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	upload
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
file	_file1
EXPECTS	invalid file name

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	upload
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
file	_file2
EXPECTS	invalid file

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	upload
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
file	_file3
simulate	1
EXPECTS	"$id,$tags,$honorific,$firstName,$lastName,$email,$phone,$organization,$title,$isComing,$room,$needVisa,$passportName,$passportCountry,$passportNumber,$passportExpiryDate,$arrivalDate,$arrivalTime,$arrivalFlightNumber,$departureDate,$departureTime,$departureFlightNumber,$notes
123,"manager,t""em""p",,"""First in quotes""",Last,developer_support@wycliffe-services.net,,,,2,,0,,,,2013-09-02,,,,2013-09-04,14:25,,"

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	upload
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
file	_file3
name	Tester
fromEmail	developer_support@wycliffe-services.net
simulate	1
EXPECTS	Array ( [Sender] => no-reply@wycliffe-services.net [From] => no-reply@wycliffe-services.net [To] => developer_support@wycliffe-services.net [Subject] => Mailing list upload completed for Test Event ) Dear Tester,<br> <br> Your mailing list upload for <b>Test Event</b> completed with this message: <b>$id,$tags,$honorific,$firstName,$lastName,$email,$phone,$organization,$title,$isComing,$room,$needVisa,$passportName,$passportCountry,$passportNumber,$passportExpiryDate,$arrivalDate,$arrivalTime,$arrivalFlightNumber,$departureDate,$departureTime,$departureFlightNumber,$notes 123,"manager,t""em""p",,"""First in quotes""",Last,developer_support@wycliffe-services.net,,,,2,,0,,,,2013-09-02,,,,2013-09-04,14:25,,</b>

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	invitation
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
EXPECTS	name is missing

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	invitation
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
name	Tester
EXPECTS	invalid fromEmail

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	invitation
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
name	Tester
fromEmail	asdf
EXPECTS	invalid fromEmail

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	invitation
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
name	Tester
fromEmail	developer_support@wycliffe-services.net
simulate	1
EXPECTS	Array ( [Sender] => email@wycliffe-services.net [From] => email@wycliffe-services.net [To] => developer_support@wycliffe-services.net [Subject] => Invitation email template for Test Event ) Dear Tester,<br> <br> This mail merge program will send a personalized invitation to each person in your mailing list. Reply to this email and attach the <b>mailing_list.csv</b> participant list with passkeys that is attached to this email. Then fill out the below template and click send. Text that starts with a $ will be replaced by the corresponding value for each person in mailing_list.csv.<br> <br> <b>Your name:</b> Tester<br> <b>Subject:</b> Invitation to Test Event<br> <br> <b>Body->:</b><br> Dear $honorific $firstName,<br> <br> I would like to personally invite you to the <b>Test Event</b>. It will be in [city] from [start date] to [end date]. If you can come to the event, please <a href="https://wycliffe-services.net/event/TestEvent/?id=$id&passkey=$passkey&isComing=1">confirm your attendance</a>, or <a href="https://wycliffe-services.net/event/TestEvent/?id=$id&passkey=$passkey&isComing=0">send your regrets</a> that you cannot make it. When you have booked your tickets, please enter your arrival and departure dates on the <a href="https://wycliffe-services.net/event/TestEvent/?id=$id&passkey=$passkey">registration website</a> so that we can reserve the hotel room for you.<br> <br> Regards,<br> Tester<br> <b>->Body:</b> # everything between <b>Body</b> will be counted as the body of your email <h4>Filling out the rest of the form is optional.</h4> <b>Simulate:</b> 0 # 0 to actually send the email, or 1 to run through all the checks but not actually send the email. simulate = 2 will output the email(s) to http://www.wycliffe-services.net/email/dryRun.html instead of emailing them out. This allows you to check the mass mailing before sending it out (recommended). <h4>Other receipients</h4> <b>Cc:</b> # A comma separated list of emails<br> <b>Bcc:</b> # A comma separated list of emails<br> <b>Reply-to:</b> # An email address where you want replies to your email to go to. Otherwise, they will go to developer_support@wycliffe-services.net <h4>Mailing list filter settings</h4> <b>Tags:</b> # Tags will be compared to $tags in the mailing list. If there is a match, the email will be sent. If tags is not set, then all rows will be sent.<br> <b>Starting row:</b> 1 # Email processing will start on the Starting row you specify here. Useful for long mailing scripts that may have timed out in the middle of processing, so you can start mailing again from Starting row. Rows start from 1, so specifying 1 here will mean processing the whole mailing list file.<br> <b>Maximum number of rows to process:</b> 0 # Email processing will process a maximum number of rows to process. 0 means that there is no limit to the number of rows that will be processed, and the mailing will only quit if there is an error or the script times out. <h4>Mailing account settings (do not change this)</h4> userName: TestEvent<br> password: V9BpiJYe Number of attachments: 1

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	logistics
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
EXPECTS	name is missing

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	logistics
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
name	Tester
EXPECTS	invalid fromEmail

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	logistics
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
name	Tester
fromEmail	asdf
EXPECTS	invalid fromEmail

URL	http://wycliffe-services.net/events/webservice.php
report	logistics
eventName	Test Event
userName	TestEvent
password	V9BpiJYe
name	Tester
fromEmail	developer_support@wycliffe-services.net
simulate	1
EXPECTS	Array ( [Sender] => email@wycliffe-services.net [From] => email@wycliffe-services.net [To] => developer_support@wycliffe-services.net [Subject] => Logistics email template for Test Event ) Dear Tester,<br> <br> This mail merge program will send a personalized logistics email to each person in your mailing list. Reply to this email and attach the <b>mailing_list.csv</b> participant list with passkeys that is attached to this email. Then fill out the below template and click send. Text that starts with a $ will be replaced by the corresponding value for each person in mailing_list.csv.<br> <br> <b>Your name:</b> Tester<br> <b>Subject:</b> Logistics information for Test Event<br> <br> <b>Body->:</b><br> Dear $honorific $firstName,<br> <br> You are invited to the <b>Test Event</b>. Here's the logistics information for the event:<br> <br> <b>Theme:</b> [Theme or purpose of the meeting]<br> <b>Where:</b> [hotel name in city] (Include a link to the hotel website, preferably its about page which usually has a map)<br> <b>When:</b> [start date] to [end date]<br> <b>Speaker:</b> [Biographical information for the special speaker, if applicable]<br> <b>Schedule:</b> [Enter link to Teamwork page, or attach a schedule to this email]<br> <b>Transportation:</b> Once we have your flight information, we will email you an airport pickup time. Or, give instructions on how to take a taxi with an estimate of how much it will cost in local currency<br> <br> If you haven't done so already, please enter your information on the <a href="https://wycliffe-services.net/event/TestEvent/?id=$id&passkey=$passkey">registration website</a> so we can reserve your hotel room.<br> <br> Regards,<br> Tester<br> <b>->Body:</b> # everything between <b>Body</b> will be counted as the body of your email <h4>Filling out the rest of the form is optional.</h4> <b>Simulate:</b> 0 # 0 to actually send the email, or 1 to run through all the checks but not actually send the email. simulate = 2 will output the email(s) to http://www.wycliffe-services.net/email/dryRun.html instead of emailing them out. This allows you to check the mass mailing before sending it out (recommended). <h4>Other receipients</h4> <b>Cc:</b> # A comma separated list of emails<br> <b>Bcc:</b> # A comma separated list of emails<br> <b>Reply-to:</b> # An email address where you want replies to your email to go to. Otherwise, they will go to developer_support@wycliffe-services.net <h4>Mailing list filter settings</h4> <b>Tags:</b> # Tags will be compared to $tags in the mailing list. If there is a match, the email will be sent. If tags is not set, then all rows will be sent.<br> <b>Starting row:</b> 1 # Email processing will start on the Starting row you specify here. Useful for long mailing scripts that may have timed out in the middle of processing, so you can start mailing again from Starting row. Rows start from 1, so specifying 1 here will mean processing the whole mailing list file.<br> <b>Maximum number of rows to process:</b> 0 # Email processing will process a maximum number of rows to process. 0 means that there is no limit to the number of rows that will be processed, and the mailing will only quit if there is an error or the script times out. <h4>Mailing account settings (do not change this)</h4> userName: TestEvent<br> password: V9BpiJYe Number of attachments: 1